Apple Pay allows customers to checkout without accepting the terms and conditions [9] (#392)
skyverge/wc-plugin-framework: woocommerce/changelog.txt

*** SkyVerge WooCommerce Plugin Framework Changelog ***

2020.nn.nn - version 5.5.4

>  * Tweak - Add terms notice below Apple Pay buttons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Tweak - Add a link to the site's terms and conditions page below Apple Pay buttons when available
```
